Present: **

# Cosmic run at PSI #

* Put small fixes on the cosmic run branch, bigger edits on their own branches

## Status and ongoing work ##

## To do ##

* Set-up network including dedicated gateway, do performance tests :white_check_mark:
* Clear and re-cable the fibre fanout rack :white_check_mark:
* Recuperate the 2-3 fibres from the area :white_check_mark:
* Can configure MuPix from MIDAS via FEB reliably and with a MIDAS UI.
* Can configure MuTrig from MIDAS via FEB reliably and with a MIDAS UI.
* FEB SlowControl interface works reliably (clock bug, anything else ?)
* Have diagnostics for all links, PLLs and clocks in place, including MIDAS UI *Done by Nik, will need some testing, see [Pixel LVDS Status](https://bitbucket.org/mu3e/online/wiki/UI/Pixel%20LVDS%20UI.md) and [Data Flow Page](https://bitbucket.org/mu3e/online/wiki/UI/Data%20Flow%20UI.md)* :white_check_mark:
* Pixel sorter works in HW *To be tested*
* SciFi sorter works in HW *Stretch goal*
* We can do run starts and configs with the ODB on the backend (i.e. not the switch and not the farm) *Looked ok for first tests without much config or subdetectors.  Keep eyes open when further developing this, should stay below 1s*
* Make clear what needs to be run to initialize a clean system (ODB scripts, environment scripts, DAQ starting scripts)
* Investigate rsysnc/lazy logger for data transfer to Merlin, (Urs)
* Hook up some FEBs
* Flash FEBs with subdet image and emergency image
* Test FEB boot, including emergeny
* Maybe MIDAS UI for emergency boot?
* Very stretch goal: Parallel FEB flashing
* Test MIDAS interface to crate controllers
* Test MIDAS link monitoring
* Test MIDAS PLL monitoring
* Finish data flow monitoring, update SSCN bank spec, hook up SSCN and user page
* Test data flow monitoring
* Test data flow
* ODB and user interface for LVDS link masking
* MuPix config with big DAQ system
* MuTrig config with big DAQ system
* Hook up environment monitoring to DAQ
* Hook up power control to DAQ
* Hook up helium system to DAQ
* Make sure history system works
* Define history plots, preferably in the respective FE code
* Slowly get started on alarms (the clock box and temperatures therein could be a good starting point)
* Write manuals as you go along
* Be verbose on the elog

# Rest of the world #

### Zürich ###


### Geneva ###


### Heidelberg Pixels ###



### Heidelberg Tiles ###



### KIT ###


### MIDAS ###


### Heidelberg telescope upgrade ###


### Pull requests ###

What can we merge?  - Strategy decided, merges performed.

[See here](https://bitbucket.org/mu3e/online/pull-requests/)

### Bitbucket issues ###

Have a look - the list is not getting shorter (yet?). Close things that are solved. Add issues if you discover them. Work to tackle them... Use CRITCAL for issues that are needed for the cosmic run.

[See here](https://bitbucket.org/mu3e/online/issues?status=new&status=open)


## Next week ##

* Daily meetings at 16:00 start now