# DAQ meeting

Present: *...*

___
## Cosmic run at PSI

* Put small fixes on the cosmic run branch, bigger edits on their own branches

* [MM]
    Urs tested FE upstream,
    resolved confusion with pixel positions
    - lines to ladders were fine (checked with schematics)
      but inside a5 firmware smth was fixed, but wrongly and confusing during debug
    - do we want merge? (will merge when ready / after test)
    - tested configuration from midas -> worked
      software for single pixels is ready, but test in progress
    - cleanup on backend (mariadb problems when compiling)
      (maybe disable all options that we do not use in midas?)

* [SR] do we want run db in text file or in database?

### Status and ongoing work

* SR is currently clarifying installation of MongoDB at PSI DMZ.
  Apparently several instances of MongoDB are running already at PSI,
  but will be migrated to the Atlas Clout later this year (SciCat data catalog).
  Ports can be open for synchronization.
  Q: **Do we want PSI to do the installation, or do we want to have it under our control?**

* [AK] possible idea, but will be suspicious to PSI
    - local: app -> 3600 -> openssl -> psi:443
    - psi: proxy_pass -> mu3ebe
    - mu3ebe: 443 -> openssl -> mongodb

### TODO

* Set-up network including dedicated gateway, do performance tests :white_check_mark:
* Clear and re-cable the fibre fanout rack :white_check_mark:
* Recuperate the 2-3 fibres from the area :white_check_mark:
* Can configure MuPix from MIDAS via FEB reliably and with a MIDAS UI.
* Can configure MuTrig from MIDAS via FEB reliably and with a MIDAS UI.
* FEB SlowControl interface works reliably (clock bug, anything else ?)
* Have diagnostics for all links, PLLs and clocks in place, including MIDAS UI *Done by Nik, will need some testing, see [Pixel LVDS Status](https://bitbucket.org/mu3e/online/wiki/UI/Pixel%20LVDS%20UI.md) and [Data Flow Page](https://bitbucket.org/mu3e/online/wiki/UI/Data%20Flow%20UI.md)* :white_check_mark:
* Pixel sorter works in HW *To be tested*
* SciFi sorter works in HW *Stretch goal*
* We can do run starts and configs with the ODB on the backend (i.e. not the switch and not the farm) *Looked ok for first tests without much config or subdetectors.  Keep eyes open when further developing this, should stay below 1s*
* Make clear what needs to be run to initialize a clean system (ODB scripts, environment scripts, DAQ starting scripts)
* Investigate rsysnc/lazy logger for data transfer to Merlin, (Urs)
* Hook up some FEBs  :white_check_mark:
* Flash FEBs with subdet image and emergency image
* Test FEB boot, including emergency
* Maybe MIDAS UI for emergency boot?
* Very stretch goal: Parallel FEB flashing
* Test MIDAS interface to crate controllers
* Test MIDAS link monitoring
* Test MIDAS PLL monitoring
* Finish data flow monitoring, update SSCN bank spec, hook up SSCN and user page
* Test data flow monitoring
* Test data flow
* ODB and user interface for LVDS link masking
* MuPix config with big DAQ system
* MuTrig config with big DAQ system
* Hook up environment monitoring to DAQ
* Hook up power control to DAQ
* Hook up helium system to DAQ
* Make sure history system works
* Define history plots, preferably in the respective FE code
* Slowly get started on alarms (the clock box and temperatures therein could be a good starting point)
* Write manuals as you go along
* Be verbose on the elog

___
## Rest of the world

### ZÃ¼rich ###

no news

### Geneva ###

### Heidelberg Pixels ###

### Heidelberg telescope upgrade ###

- [Daniel]
    - mechanical work for enclosure for FE board
        - there is an enclose already
          (mechanical support for mini backplane, fits pretty well,
          maybe worth trying)
    - working on software, some issues with phi (auto negotiation, not stable)
    - integration with mupix firmware
      (remember to properly configure si chips to work without optical input)

### Heidelberg Tiles ###

- [KB]
    working on the chip,
    got some info from producer

### KIT ###

no news

### MIDAS ###

General cleanup:

* If we don't use midas as a submodule any more,
  we should delete https://bitbucket.org/mu3e/midas/src/develop/ to avoid confusion
* Agree on branch model of online repository
* Agree on directory structure as described under https://bitbucket.org/mu3e/online/wiki/Repository%20structure
* Policy to change midas files
* Discuss frontend proposal: https://elog.psi.ch/elogs/Mu3e+DAQ/109

- [MM]
  have changes for both software and hardware at same time,
  difficult to share with other people on one branch

- converge to this: have different directories,
  i.e. `online_*` with specific branches (by specific developers),
  and `online` is always on dev branch

- need to cleanup what is currently on backend

- delete midas fork in mu3e (<https://bitbucket.org/mu3e/midas>),
  for pull request -> discuss with Stefan

- remove (finally) midas submodule from mu3e/online repo
  (historically needed to remove because of many midas repos in submodules)

- currently frontends are structured by subfolders for systems
    - [SR] new fe repo for helium plant to checkout on rpi
      (to remove overhead from whole online repo);
    - try to add in submodules and then make soft link on backend pc

- [SR] accessing same mscb device from different frontends is problematic
  - keep fe on backend pc? -> no changes during cosmic run

___
## Pull requests

What can we merge? - Strategy decided, merges performed.

[Open Pull Requests](https://bitbucket.org/mu3e/online/pull-requests/?state=OPEN)

___
## Bitbucket issues

Have a look - the list is not getting shorter (yet?).
Close things that are solved.
Add issues if you discover them.
Work to tackle them ...
Use CRITCAL for issues that are needed for the cosmic run.

[Open Issues](https://bitbucket.org/mu3e/online/issues?status=new&status=open)

___
## Next week

holiday, we meet in two weeks
