Present: *Alex, Daniel, Ann-Kathrin, Marius, Martin, Luigi, Pepe, Cristina, Thomas, Urs, Konrad, Haris*

Note: Intel is discontinuing ethernet blasters (no clear successor given). They are overpriced (~500 EUR) but useful. Maybe get one for your institute.

# Firmware, Software and Setup Status and Activities #

### PSI cosmic setup ###

* Optical fanout rack dismantled, new boxes added
* Will add type B cables so that no re-pluging will be necessary in autumn
* Martin has set up the gateway, will set up proxy
* Network getting ready

### Mainz ###

* Martin: Masking pixels works, addressing not yet correct (complete columns turned off)
* Marius tested the new switching board formware, it works with one FEB
* The farm firmware works in simulation and with data generators
* Alex and Marius have set up the directory structure so that working with DDR3 and DDR4 boards is as generic as possible
* DDR4 works, not yet at max speed. Specific parameters can be set if datasheet of DDR4 is found.
* Marius will work on the SciFi FEB next
* The switching board still occasionally gets stuck
* Alex is working on implementing the link record everywhere and on reducing PCIe clock transitions
* Clocks on one LHCb board in Mainz loose config a while after power-up

### Zürich ###

* Cristina can reproduce the results form the Hackathon, will look at configuration from MIDAS next

### Geneva ###

* No news

### Heidelberg Pixels ###

* Luigi will come to PSI on Wednesday.
* Ladder tests are done in the DAQ hut at PSI and in HD
* Test scripts are moved from client-side Jav-Script to the MIDAS sequencer
* Data checks should be running this week

### Heidelberg Tiles ###

* No news

### KIT ###

* Waiting for PC

### MIDAS ###

* No news

### Heidelberg telescope upgrade ###

* Working on DMA for ethernet

### Pull requests ###

What can we merge?  - Strategy decided, merges performed.

[See here](https://bitbucket.org/mu3e/online/pull-requests/)

### Bitbucket issues ###

Have a look - the list is not getting shorter (yet?). Close things that are solved. Add issues if you discover them. Work to tackle them... Use CRITCAL for issues that are needed for the cosmic run.

[See here](https://bitbucket.org/mu3e/online/issues?status=new&status=open)


# Cosmic run checklist #

### Before we go to PSI ###

* Can configure MuPix and MuTrig from MIDAS via FEB reliably and with a MIDAS UI. *Ongoing, progress being made*
* FEB SlowControl interface works reliably *No more errors seen - is this gone?*
* Have diagnostics for all links, PLLs and clocks in place, including MIDAS UI *Links ready, PLL firmware ready*
* Sorter works in HW with data generators and source (also for MuTrig) *Looks good for MuPix, stretch goal for MuTrig*
* We have a clear understanding how to handle 1.25 GBit link aligment, 8b/10b errors, resync etc. *Irrelevant if PLL is properly locked*
* We can do run starts and configs with the ODB on the backend (i.e. not the switch and not the farm) *Set up in Mainz this week*
* We have a list of things to achieve with priorities

### Early stuff for PSI ###

* Set-up network including dedicated gateway, do performance tests *Gateway set up*
* Clear and re-cable the fibre fanout rack *Cleared, boxes added*
* Recuperate the 2-3 fibres from the area *Done!*

## Review of A10 Common Firmware ##

online/common/firmware/a10/a10_block.vhd at the moment from branch alex_dev and feature/swb_intRun22

## Next week ##

Another DAQ meeting, another review.