Present: *Alex, Ann-Kathrin, Cristina, Daniel, Haris, Martin, Marius, Frederik, Andrea, Luigi, Thomas, Nik*

# Firmware, Software and Setup Status and Activities #

### PSI cosmic setup ###

* Optical fanout rack re-done
* Will add type B cables so that no re-pluging will be necessary in autumn
* Martin has set up the gateway and proxy
* Network ready
* MSCB to optcial thingies ready

* Second crew just arrived, setting up control room
* Work by electrcians re-installing fibres still ongoing
* Front rack will be converted to storage

* SciFi schedule at PSI to be decided

* Andrea and Luigi are debugging scripts for ladder QA
* Pixels will go on cage earliest next Monday, will then continue with MiniDAQ for a while

### Mainz ###

* Martin will continue with Pixel masking firmware starting tomorrow
* Haris set up counters on GPU, MIDAS integration can start
* Frederik travels to PSI on Wednesday, Nik on Thursday

### ZÃ¼rich ###

* Cristina is working on MuTrig config with MIDAS, had ODB full problems, now progressing
* Some places SciFi still needs to berenamed SciFi Central
* Bug in config bits found, fix to be spread

### Geneva ###

* No news

### Heidelberg Pixels ###

* At PSI

### Heidelberg Tiles ###

* No news

### KIT ###

* LHR GPUs are likely ok for what we do, but no one knows for sure

### MIDAS ###

* Bug for the farm FE still there - keep a test set-up ready

### Heidelberg telescope upgrade ###

* No news to report

### Pull requests ###

What can we merge?  - Strategy decided, merges performed.

[See here](https://bitbucket.org/mu3e/online/pull-requests/)

### Bitbucket issues ###

Have a look - the list is not getting shorter (yet?). Close things that are solved. Add issues if you discover them. Work to tackle them... Use CRITCAL for issues that are needed for the cosmic run.

[See here](https://bitbucket.org/mu3e/online/issues?status=new&status=open)


# Cosmic run checklist #

### Before we start checklist ###

* Can configure MuPix and MuTrig from MIDAS via FEB reliably and with a MIDAS UI. *Work in progress, with lots of work going in and lots of progress being made*
* FEB SlowControl interface works reliably *Clock bug likely still present, Marius and Alex will do thorough diagnosis at PSI*
* Have diagnostics for all links, PLLs and clocks in place, including MIDAS UI *UI to be done, maybe Nik's next visit*
* Sorter works in HW with data generators and source (also for MuTrig) *To be tested, MuTrig very much a stretch goal* 
* We can do run starts and configs with the ODB on the backend (i.e. not the switch and not the farm) *Looked ok for first tests without much config or subdetectors. Slow starts related to PCIe timeouts (unconfigured FPGAs) identified and now catched during init. Keep eyes open when further developing this, should stay below 1s*

### ToDos ###

* Make clear what needs to be run to initialize a clean system (ODB scripts, environment scripts, DAQ starting scripts)
* Put small fixes on the cosmic run branch, bigger edits on their own branches
* Investigate rsysnc/lazy logger for data transfer to Merlin, Urs taking this over

### Early stuff for PSI ###

* Set-up network including dedicated gateway, do performance tests :white_check_mark:
* Clear and re-cable the fibre fanout rack :white_check_mark:
* Recuperate the 2-3 fibres from the area :white_check_mark:

## Next week ##

* Daily meetings at 16:00 start now