Each FEB currently has:

* A physical location (crate/slot). The crate controller in that crate is used to switch the power in that slot, emit resets, switch the firmware image (via BP_mode_sel) and can be used for very slow emergency programming.
* A global ID in the range 0-192, with blocks of size 48 for each switching board. This is used for addressed commands in the clock & Reset FE, in particular for enabling/disabling RO
* A port on the switching board; this corresponds to the link that is used for slow control and primary data. SciFi boards use a secondary data port. Here a lot of assumptions about the ports being contiguous are made all across the code.

In the ODB we have:

* /Equipment/FEBCrates/ - here we specify the MSCB host and MSCB node of all crate controllers. For each FEB, we specify the crate and slot. FEBs are identified by the global ID. Under Variables we have **power on/off - this should go to settings**. This is currently "owned" by the switch_fe, but should move to a separate FE on the backend (written, to be tested)
* /Equipment/Links/ - owned by the clock & reset FE. Here we have a mask and names for the four switching boards (which is needed by the clock and reset FE for run starts). There is a link mask for the FEBs (by global ID), used in the clock & reset FE for enabling/disabling FEB ro and in the switching FE for knowing which FEBs should be initialized and read out. The link mask also defines the links that correspond to data only slots for the fibre FEBs. Here we also set the FEB type (pixel, fibre, tile, fibre secondary), partly redundant with the link mask, well as FEB names. All uses the globalID. Types and Names anr only used in the switch FE. Under variables, there is an unused link status for each RX and TX link.
* /Equipment/Switching/ - here we have a bunch of UI command variables plus everything related to slow control of the FEBs as well as switching board diagnostics. Which switching board is meant at a specific time is set at compilation, the code only works with one at a time and maybe also not for anything that is not the central one. FEBs are typically identified by the Port on the Switching Board.