# Agenda

## Hardware status and to dos

In what state is the hardware (development?), who will bring what to PSI

### DAQ
* Optical fibres: Long fibres in place at PSI, Mainz will bring fanout crates and cables for both ends
* Clock box: Mainz will bring the UCL box
* Mainz will bring the monster PC (one switching board)
* Receiving PCs: Should we buy one more box or use Strykers? Can HD contribute boxes?
* Clairfy what we need in terms of network HW
* Crate controllers are somewhat uncertain
* Will HD have 5 crates ready?

### Subdetectors
* DAB status
* Is there any other HW needed to read out detectors

## Firmware status and to dos
* Remote programming of FEBs (Nik)
* Pixel configuration (Luigi/Martin)
* Tile configuration (Konrad/Tiancheng)
* Fibre configuration (Lukas/Yannick)
* Pixel frontend (Nik/Sebastian/Martin/...)
* Tile frontend (Konrad?), do we try to sort?
* Fibre frontend - what do we try here? Who feels responsible for firmware
* How do we merge the timing detectors?
* Merging firmware status (Marius)
* Farm firmware status (Marius, Alex, ...)

## Software status and to dos
* Are there any architectural decisions still open?
* Will there be a database?
* rootana build
* what analyis should run?
* data formats for saving?
* Event display (Ben)

# Milestones
(no particular order)
* FEB programming via optical fibre (Nik)
* FEB programming via MSCB (Nik?)
* FEB monitoring via optical link (Nik)
* FEB monitoring via backlpane
* Pixel configuration via FEB/DAB (Luigi, Martin, ...)
* Pixel RO via FEB/DAB (Luigi, Martin, ...)
* Pixel sorter test (Nik + ...)